Alex.
Tod and George's dad just called.
He's picking you up at 3:30 tomorrow,
and the bus leaves the high school
for the airport around 5.
How's my suitcase working out for you?
Momma, Momma, you gotta leave that on.
Yeah, it's like, you know....
Tag made the last flight without
the plane crashing or anything,
so I figured it's gotta be
on the bag or at least with the bag...
for luck.
Where would you get
a nut ball idea like that?
I'm still here.
So... 17 on the loose.
Senior trip with your friends in Paris,
10 days in the springtime.
Live it up, Alex.
You got your whole life ahead of you.
Alex?
The white zone is for
immediate loading and
unloading of passengers only.
No parking.
- Hey, Hitchcock.
- What?
- Lemme give you a hand with this, man.
- No, I...
- There you go.
- Carter, you dick.
Good one.
- You left this on the bus.
- Oh, thanks.
Come on, let's get your stuff together.
Hey, Christa.
Hi, Blake.
- What are you doing?
- He's the man, the man!
- All right, you guys got everything?
- Yeah, yeah, Dad, we're all set.
Les eudiants, allons-y en France.
Does that mean go?
Don't know.
Look, this is for both of you.
All right?
- Have a great time.
- Thanks, Dad.
- Yeah.
- Both of us.
- Let's go.
- Okay?
- Alex.
- Yes.
- You take care of 'em.
- I will.
I didn't think anything could
look worse than my yearbook photo.
How do you think I feel
having to look at you all the time?
Avis aux passagers.
Les enfants. Ecoutez.
Excusez-moi. Ecoutez.
Qu'est ce que c'est I'annonce?
What the fuck does he want?
Cet aeoport n'est pas reponsable
pour leurs activite. Merci.
The airport does not endorse solicitors.
Tre bien, Clear. C'est correct.
Alors, suivez-moi.
On va en France.
Death is not the end.
It will be for you
if you harass my students.
Hare Rama.
Fuck off.
I have to ask you
a few questions this evening...
Have your belongings remained
in your possession the entire time?
- Mr. Browning?
- Oh, yeah.
Have you received any packages
from persons unknown to you?
- Same as your birthday.
- What?
September 25, 925.
Your birthday's the same
as your departure time.
Hey. Hey, George, Dad said "both",
both of us, all right?
Man, come on, just give me some cash.
Hey, knock it off!
You asshole.
- Thanks.
- You're welcome.
Alex... let's go take a shit.
Dude, why don't you go take
a shit by yourself?
No, no, no, dude.
Listen, okay?
Listen, take some knowledge.
We're about to board a 7-hour flight.
The toilets in coach are barely
ventilated closets,
if that, now, let's say halfway
through the flight, right?
Your body wants that airplane food out.
You gotta go torque a wicked cable,
and then right after you...
like directly after you,
walks in Christa or Blake.
Do you want them to associate you
with that watery sting in their eye,
that reflexive gag
at the back of their throat?
Died in a plane crash.
Ladies and gentlemen,
thank you for your patience.
At this time we would like to
begin preboarding of
Vole Air flight 180
to Paris through gate 46.
Anyone seen Billy Hitchcock!?
How did we lose him?
Vingt-et-un,
vingt-deux, vingt-trois...
Vingt-quatre... vingt-cinq.
Go.
That hurt.
My little baby.
That's a good sign.
The younger the better,
it'd be a fucked-up God
to take down this plane.
A really fucked-up God.
- Hi.
- Hey, Tod.
How you doin'?
Can you... switch seats with Christa?
Ah, God. You know, I would,
but I got a bladder thing.
It's a urinary tract infection.
Let's go ask Alex.
Alex?
Could you trade seats with Blake,
so she and I could sit together?
She asked Tod, but he said he had
some sort of medical thing.
- Please?
- Yeah.
You're so sweet.
Thanks, Alex.
Thank you, Alex.
You're welcome.
Did you... believe we're gonna
titty-fuck 'em over Greenland?
You know, because of you, I gotta
sit here and watch fucking Stuart Little.
Thank you.
Thanks, man, that's great.
Sorry I'm late.
That's my seat right there.
Thanks.
Hello?
I'm going away.
Attention. Notre voyage
commence.
All right.
Whatever.
It's okay.
It's fine.
It's okay, honey. I...
Everybody!
les estudiants!
Alex?
Could you trade seats with Blake,
so she and I could sit together?
She asked Tod, but he said he had
some sort of medical thing.
Please?
What's up, dude?
- Is there a problem, sir?
- What's your fuckin' problem?
Alex, qu'est-ce que c'est?
Qu'est-ce que c'est!?
The fuckin' plane's gonna explode!
- Shut up, Browning.
- You're so not funny.
- If this is your idea of a joke...
- It's not a joke! It's not a joke!
Alex, take it easy.
- The plane is going down!
- Don't worry.
We'll remove you from
this aircraft, if this continues.
- I'll fucking remove myself!
- Excuse me.
Get off him!
That's my seat right there.
Everybody in the aisle, off the plane.
Everybody, just stay where you are
and just sit tight!
Fuckin' plane is going down...
- Go check him out, see how he's doin'.
- Okay.
I didn't do anything,
I got my plane ticket right here!
Let go! Jerk!
Hey!
You got this?
No one gets back on board.
That's my call.
Wait, please. I've got 40
students going to Paris. Please.
Look, you must understand my position.
I understand your position
and I apologize for Alex.
But one of us needs to be on that plane.
I cannot let all those students
go to Paris for 10 days without...
- Carter, no!
- Sit the fuck down, Carter!
One of you can go on the flight,
and that's it.
Larry.
Look, the airline's not taking this
very well, they'll let one of us back on.
The rest of us can take an 11:10 flight,
it gets in 3 hours later
- at de Gaulle...
- I'll stay.
No, you know the whole French thing,
get on the plane, it's fine. It's fine.
Hi, Mr. Murnau. I was in the bathroom
and the lock, it was stuck, and...
Wait, I didn't fight with anyone!
Damn!
Thanks.
Just... called your parents,
they're on their way.
Alex, talk to me, tell me what happened.
I saw it. Like, I don't know. I saw it
on the runway, I saw it take off,
I saw, out my window,
I saw the ground and...
- No, Carter.
- The cabin, it starts to shake, right?
And the left side blows up and
then the whole plane just explodes.
And it was so real, just like
how everything happens, you know?
You been on a lot of planes that blew up?
You must've fallen asleep.
We get thrown off the plane,
we blow, what? A half a day in Paris?
All because Browning has
a bad fuckin' dream?
"But wait,
but the plane, it's gonna blow up!
It's gonna blow up!"
- Hey, fuck you, Horton.
- Tod.
The only trip you're taking
is to the fuckin' hospital!
Get off him!
Hey, Alex, stop it!
There they go.
Here we stay.
You're paying for my trip, Browning.
- Wish you were on that plane!
- You fuckin' prick!
Oh, shit!
You're lookin' at me as if I caused this.
I didn't cause this.
Are there any survivors?
How should I know?
- What? You think I'm some sort of...
- He's not a witch.
Hello, I'm Howard Seigel.
National Transportation and Safety Board.
We've contacted all your families,
they are on the way.
Is there anyone here who...
feels they might need
a little medical attention
or... spiritual counseling at this time?
What's going on?
Are there any survivors?
Well, the cause for the explosion
is still undetermined.
The Nassau County authorities
are on the scene.
Naval search and rescue on route.
- We...
- Excuse me.
I'm Agent Weine, this is Agent Schreck.
We're with the FBI.
Now I understand how y'all
must be feelin' right now...
it's gonna be difficult, but we're
gonna need to ask you a couple of
questions regarding today's event
while they're still fresh in your mind.
I'm sure this will prove invaluable
to our rescue attempts and
any potential criminal investigation.
You said, "Listen to me,
this plane will explode on take off.".
How did you know that?
I got this feeling.
This weird feeling.
Did you take any sedatives
before boarding the plane, or onboard,
did you take any sleeping pills,
any narcotics, any hallucinogens?
- Alex, do you take any drugs?
- No.
I saw it.
I saw it happen.
I saw the plane explode.
Did the weird feelings have
anything to do with your saying
that you wished that Carter was
on the plane... just before it exploded?
- No.
- Then why'd you say it?
'Cause I didn't think it was gonna happen.
If that's the case, Alex.
Then why did you really get off the plane?
My brother, George, he told me to go
and keep an eye on Alex.
And so he stayed and...
he told me to get off the plane.
Larry Murnau said
I should get back on, but I...
I told him that he should go.
I sent him back on the plane.
All right... nobody forced
you off the plane.
You said you weren't friends
with those that were.
So Clear, why did you get off the plane?
Because I saw and I heard Alex.
I believed him.
There he is.
Thank you for the ride.
You are looking at the 1st piece of debris
to wash ashore from Vole Air flight 180
which erupted shortly
after a 9:25 pm takeoff
from John F. Kennedy Airport in New York.
There are no known survivors.
However, Coast Guard and
Naval search and rescue efforts
are continuing at this moment, even as
jet fuel burns on the ocean's surface.
Authorities are pessimistic about
the possibility of finding anyone alive
from the ill-fated flight.
All 287 passengers are feared dead.
Amongst the travelers, a class of 40
students and 4 teachers
from Mount Abraham High School
in southeast New York,
on route to Paris on a field trip.
There're reports that several students
were removed from the aircraft
moments before departure.
However, investigators remain guarded
about the specifics of this incident.
Authorities from the National
Transportation and Safety Board and
the FBI have arrived at JFK
to begin the initial investigation.
Eyewitnesses at the airport,
as well as on Long Island
report seeing the plane explode.
No other aircraft were visibly
near flight 180.
At JFK, air traffic controllers are
corroborating these eyewitness accounts.
After the explosion,
debris apparently rained into
the Atlantic Ocean for several miles.
However, investigators are cautious
about verifying these accounts,
believing they'll learn more...
39 days have passed since we lost
our 39 loved ones, friends and teachers.
As each day passes without
a determining cause for the accident,
we ask ourselves, "Why?".
Ecclesiastes tells us,
"Man no more knows his own time
than fish taken in the fatal net
or birds trapped in the snare.
Like these, the children of men caught,
when the time falls suddenly upon them.".
And so, before we can heal,
before we can escape
the presence of death and time,
we must mourn and celebrate theirs...
with this memorial.
Hope you don't think, Browning,
because my name ain't up
on this wall, that I owe you anything.
I don't.
'Cause all I owe are these people,
to live my life to the fullest.
Why don't you stay off the J.D.
then, Carter?
Listen, don't you ever fuckin'
tell me what to do, all right?
- I control my life, not you!
- Carter!
I'm never gonna die.
- Hey, Alex. Hey.
- Hey.
I took my driver's test
last week at the DMV.
Got a 70. It's the lowest score
you can get, but I passed.
The thing is when I was done
with the test,
you know the guy that drives with you,
you know, during the test?
Yeah, well, anyways, he goes...
"Young man,
you're gonna die at a very young age.".
Yeah.
Is that true?
Not now, not here, not ever, Billy.
If I ask out Cynthia Paster,
will she say no?
Fuck.
Okay.
- Yeah.
Miss Lewton.
Don't talk to me,
you scare the hell out of me.
I'm gonna go up.
Hey.
Listen, I don't want you to take
this the wrong way, man, I...
miss you, you know.
Yeah, I miss you too. But my father,
you know, he doesn't understand.
Yeah.
Hey, look, when he gets over
this thing... you and me...
we're gonna trip to the city, you know?
Catch the Yanks.
Yeah...
Yeah, all right, we'll do that.
"Could better go."
This thing Miss Lewton showed me in class,
they're gonna let me read it.
It says what I'm feeling.
Take care, man.
Because of you, I'm still alive.
Thank you.
We say that the hour of death
cannot be forecast.
But... but when we say this,
we imagine that the hour
is placed in an obscure...
and distant future.
Never occurs to us that
it has any connection
with the day already begun...
or that death could arrive
this same afternoon...
this afternoon which is so certain...
and which has every hour...
filled in advance.
What happened?
Where's Tod?
Alex!
Get outta here!
- Didn't you see it?
- What happened?
You caused Tod so much guilt
over George staying on the plane...
- he took his own life.
- No.
Look... he wouldn't do that.
He said to me we'd be friends
again after you got better.
Why would he make plans with me
if he was thinking about killing himself?
Mr. Waggner.
Mr. Waggner!
Easy.
All right.
Here we go.
Almost autumn.
It's only the end of June.
Yeah, but everything's
always in transition.
If you focus even now,
just 1 week into summer,
you can almost feel autumn coming.
I like bein' able to see the future.
Why were you at Tod's house last night?
I've seen enough TV to know that
the FBI doesn't investigate teen suicide.
They were there last night,
that means 1:
They still don't have a clue
what caused the crash.
2: They haven't ruled out anything,
and the fact that 7 people got off
the plane is probably weird enough.
Not to mention that one of
those people had a vision or whatever,
of the plane exploding minutes
before it actually did explode,
is highly suspicious.
And it doesn't help that the visionary's
friend just committed suicide.
Why were you there last night?
Do you know what this is?
This is a...
Who's this spring-head guy?
It's you.
Not a likeness.
It's how you make me feel, Alex.
I'm sorry.
No, like you, this sculpture doesn't
even know what or why it is.
It's reluctant to take form
and yet creating an absolute...
but incomprehensible attraction.
In 4 years of high school,
we haven't said one word to each other.
At that moment, on the plane,
I felt what you felt.
I didn't even know where those emotions
were coming from until you started
freaking out... Okay,
I didn't see what you saw, I felt it.
You can still feel it, can't you?
Something from that day is still with you.
I know because I can still feel you.
That's why I was there last night.
You know, I've never dealt
with death before.
This could all be in our head.
- It just feels like it's all around us.
- It?
What if Tod was just the first...
of us?
Is that something that you're feeling?
I don't know. You know,
I just wish I could see him again.
One last time.
So maybe I would know.
Then let's go see him.
Easy.
Gives me a rush.
This place?
Doing something I'm not supposed to do.
Come on.
Hurry up.
Is that him?
I think. Why did they make him up
like Michael Jackson?
Yeah, that's him.
Whatever it was, that made him,
Tod is definitely gone.
Holy Christ!
Please.
You'll wake the dead.
- Why did his hand do that?
- Chemicals...
in the vascular,
flush create cadaveric spasms.
Look,
- I was his friend, and...
- I know who you are.
What are all those tiny marks?
Cuticle lacerations
from pulling at the wire.
Pulling at the wire?
He was pulling at the wire,
he wasn't trying to kill himself.
- It was an accident.
- In death... there are no accidents,
no coincidences, no mishaps,
and no escapes.
What you have to realize
is that we're all just...
a mouse that a cat has by the tail.
Every single move we make,
from the mundane to the monumental,
the red light that we stop at or run,
the people we have sex with,
or won't with us,
the airplanes that
we ride or... walk out of...
It's all part of death's sadistic design,
leading to the grave.
Design...
Does that mean if...
if you figure out the design,
you can cheat death?
Alex...
you've already done that
by walking off the plane.
Your friend's departure shows that death
has a new design, for all of you.
Now you have to figure out
how and when it's coming back at you.
Play your hunch, Alex...
if you think you can get away with it.
But remember,
the risk of cheating the plan...
of disrespecting the design...
could incite a fury that could
terrorize even the Grim Reaper.
And you don't even wanna
fuck with that Mack Daddy.
Okay, then, well...
Yeah, I'm sorry we broke in, and...
No harm... no foul.
I'll see you soon.
The mortician said that
death has a design.
Okay...
I'm talkin' about omens.
How do we know that just by sitting here,
by sipping this coffee... or
breathin' the air, or even crossing the
intersection that we haven't started...
in motion, the events that will
someday lead to our death
40 years from now,
10 years from now, tomorrow.
We don't, unless we open ourselves up
to the signs it's willing to show us.
I don't understand.
Did you see Tod die?
Did it happen again?
- Like on the plane?
- No.
No, it didn't, but I mean,
it might as well have.
This is a message from something, Clear.
Or someone hinting at a design.
Total bullshit. I mean, you can find
death omens anywhere you want to.
Coffee... starts with a "C"
and ends with an "E".
So does the word "choke". So what?
We're gonna choke to death?
I wanna hear you.
We'll go nuts if you start with this shit.
Mortician said that
death has a design... right?
What if you, me, Tod, Carter,
Terry, Billy, Mrs. Lewton
messed up that design?
For whatever reason, I saw
death's plan... then we cheated it.
But what if it was our time?
What if we were not meant
to get off that plane?
What if it still is our time?
If it is, then it's not finished.
And we will die... now, not later.
Unless...
unless we find the patterns
and cheat it again.
After hearing you, I do believe...
that Tod killed himself.
Hey, baby, come on, not now.
Carter.
Looks like we have
a bit of a reunion here.
Let it go.
- When are you... moving?
- A couple weeks.
- That's too bad.
- Carter, you dick!
- Losin' our favorite teacher.
- Baby, come on.
Look, guys, there's something
I need to tell you, okay?
- Alex.
- And lived here your whole life.
- And now she's gotta move...
- Would you listen to...
- all because of Browning!
- Enough!
Both of you.
They died and we lived.
Get over it.
I'll not let this plane crash be the
most important thing in my life! God!
I'm moving on, Carter.
And if you wanna waste your life
beating the shit out of Alex
every time you see him...
then you can just drop fuckin' dead.
Hello?
Is Alex there?
Oh, hi, Clear.
Yeah, just a minute.
It's Clear, again.
You wanna talk to her?
Clear, he's in the shower.
Can I get him to call you back?
Sure... Bye.
She's concerned about you.
I'm concerned about you.
Why won't you talk to her?
Or me?
Dad, you and Mom have both
been a big help.
But there's something I need to
understand before I can talk...
to anyone.
The National Transportation Safety Board
has a new theory tonight
on the possible cause of the explosion
of Vole Air flight 180. Officials
believe deterioration of silicone
insulation on an electrical connector
to the scavenger pump...
may have leaked combustible fluids.
A spark in the fuel
- switch beneath the coach cabin in
- That's Tod's seat.
the fuselage may have ignited the
fuel line and proceeded to the fuel pump
which would have set off the
catastrophic explosion.
Path of the explosion.
Okay, the first was Tod.
Then it was Terry.
They're dying in the order
they would have died.
That's death's design.
Miss Lewton's next.
And whenever I can fall asleep
I just... I see Terry Chaney.
And in the day, out of nowhere,
I hear the sound of my own voice
in my head, saying to Larry Murnau,
"No, you know the whole French
thing, get on the plan.".
Everything reminds me of that day.
Right. Yeah, I'm hoping a change
will help. It's just that...
I've... I've lived here my whole life,
you know? And everywhere
I look are great memories.
And now, I see is Larry and
those... those kids, you know?
Just... lookin' at my own front yard
makes me feel nothing but fear.
Laura, I'm gonna have to
call you back. Right.
Oh, fuck.
Hi, this is Valerie Lewton,
I need Agent Schreck.
What are you doin' here?
I was just...
I was checkin' the air in the tire
to make sure it's safe.
Get in the car.
Put on your seat belt.
I believe that...
That Miss Lewton is next.
- Next?
- Yes.
Yeah, next, because...
there's this pattern... that's occurring.
Oh, right, a pattern, yeah.
You noticed that too.
Mom's favorite.
So, what about this pattern, Alex?
Did you see it in another one
of your visions?
Did you catch it in some TV static?
You know, I never asked for
what happened on the plane.
And you guys are gonna sit there
in your little chairs and make fun of me.
Whatever, fine.
But I saved 6 lives on that plane.
6 lives and
everybody in my entire school
thinks I'm a freak.
And I'm not... suffering from
post-traumatic stress,
I don't have a narcissistic deity complex.
I'm not goin' Dahmer on you guys.
This just is.
There is a pattern for us all.
There's a pattern for you.
There is a pattern for you,
there's a design for everyone,
and I don't know how yet...
but I'm gonna break this one.
Alex you came to our attention
at first because you were under
suspicion in this plane explosion.
Now... I know you didn't
blow up the plane.
And we were ready to move on...
but then the other survivors
started to die.
First, your friend, Tod.
Then Terry Chaney, while you were
there, while you were at the scene,
and now, tonight, we pick you up
at Val Lewton's house.
Alex, nobody has control
over life and death
unless they are taking lives
and causing death.
Now, can you promise me that
no one else is gonna die?
No, I can't. As long as I'm in here,
it's out of my control, I'm sorry.
Okay.
Go ahead, get outta here.
Thank you.
That kid gives me the creeps.
What are we gonna do?
We got nothin' to hold him on.
No, that's not what I'm talking about.
There were a couple of moments there...
where I almost believed him.
Can I tell you somethin'?
Don't take this the wrong way...
but sometimes, you give me the creeps.
You've got to stop this,
stop this, it's a stupid mug.
You're outta here, pretty soon
you'll be gone... You'll be gone.
Miss Lewton!
Miss Lewton.
Okay.
All right.
Just... just stay still, okay?
Oh, God, Miss Lewton.
Hey, Alex.
Dude.
I don't know where he is.
He's not talking to me.
- Why?
- Because I didn't believe him.
If he does contact you,
I think that it would be in the best
interest of your safety if you called us.
Here's my card.
Toll-free number.
Interesting work.
Carter, you dick!
What are you doing?
Terry's name should be on this wall.
Shit.
Why'd you want us to
meet you here anyway, huh?
'Cause they're watching me...
see if I go to Alex.
- That's why you're taking me.
- Why would I wanna see him?
Because he knows which one of us is next.
So, drive the speed limit, okay?
Oh, and, don't pass on the right.
Billy, wait a minute here,
I'm... I'm gettin' a vision.
You're the next one, man.
Hey, man, why'd you say that?
Because if you say another word,
I'm gonna fuckin' kill you.
Okay.
He could be anywhere from here
to a mile down the road,
so you guys drive down there
and start that way,
and we'll meet back around the middle.
All right? It'll take half the time.
Do you think they're still up there?
Somehow... flight 180,
are they still in flight?
Somewhere... are they safe?
When I was a kid... like 6 or 7,
Used to worry so much
about my parents dying.
Lying awake at night, just worrying.
Most kids do, I guess.
Most kids never have it happen.
When I was 10, my dad went into
a 7-11 for cigarettes.
I guess that he heard someone say,
"Don't turn around.",
so on reflex or thinkin' it was
a friend joking, he did...
and a guy blew his head off.
Life became shit after that.
My mom just couldn't deal anymore.
She married this asshole who my mom
with my real dad would have crossed
the street to avoid this guy.
He didn't really want a kid,
so my mom didn't either anymore.
If that was the design
for my father and my family...
then fuck death!
I have thought a lot about
that "somewhere", Alex.
It exists, that place,
where my dad is still safe...
where he had a full pack of cigarettes
that night and just kept driving...
where me and my mom and
my dad are still together,
and have no idea about this life here...
where our friends are still in the sky...
where everyone gets a 2nd chance.
Alex, we can't give up.
Look, I can't go home.
All right?
Because after Miss Lewton,
they're gonna be looking for me.
No, we're taking you to
my dad's cabin in the woods,
it's only a couple miles from my house.
All right, Browning,
you fuckin' warlock...
did you hear about Miss Lewton or what?
Why do you think I was hiding?
Billy told the FBI he saw you
running from her house.
I was running 'cause
they blame me for everything.
They blame me for Tod,
they blame me for her,
they blame me for
the fuckin' plane crash, Billy.
Fire like, caramelized her blood, Alex.
Your shoe prints were in it.
Your fingerprints were on the knives.
I told you, Billy!
I told you they were not...
I'm not talkin' about whether
not or you did it, all right?
Or even if you knew she was dead...
did you know she was gonna be next...
before she was?
Yeah, I did.
I knew.
Out of us... who's next to see it?
Please... tell me I'm gonna get to
see the Jets win a Super Bowl.
It's me, right?
That's why you're not sayin'.
All right. I knew I should've felt up
Tammy in the pool that time.
Hey, what are you whining about!?
He said I'm next!
He didn't say anything.
Just drive.
See, you have responsibility to tell me!
You think it's gonna make it
easier to know, Carter?
It's not, it's gonna make it
fuckin' harder.
You get off havin' control over me?
You let me decide how to deal with it.
It doesn't matter who's next!
'Cause we're all
on the same list, all of us!
Fuck... really?
All right, then why bother?
I mean, what's the fuckin' point, right?
Me and Terry, we'll be back
together on the other side,
so why wait any longer?
Carter, what are you doin'?
Carter, slow down.
Slow down, Carter!
Fuck you!
- Knock it off!
- Why!?
May as well go out
on my own free will, right!?
Not with us in the fucking car!
Jesus, turn right!
Carter, stop the car!
What's with the fuckin' worry
if it ain't your time, huh?
I can get nailed runnin' this next
red light, you all woudn't give a shit!
- Right? It's only me!
- It doesn't work that way, Carter.
I fuckin' hated French class!
- Get control of yourself.
- That's what I'm doin'.
I know what you're doing and
it's all right to be scared, Carter.
I'm not afraid! All right?
I decide when it's time.
I control my life, I control my death.
Not to prove us how big
your balls are, not now!
Carter, stop driving like such an asshole.
What are you doin'?
- Stop the fucking car!
- what are you doing!?
Carter, put your hands back on the wheel!
- Carter, stop!
- Put your hands on the wheel, Carter!
Oh, shit.
Okay, Carter, easy.
I am so close to puking right now,
you don't even wanna know.
We're afraid too, Carter,
but we're not going to quit.
Stop what you're doing and
stop this fucking car!
Damn it, Carter!
I want you to stop this car right now!
- Billy.
- Move it.
- Open the door, Billy.
- You move the fucking car!
- Open the fucking door.
- Move the car.
- Can't you open the door?
- Easy. Open the fuckin' door.
- Open the door!
- Billy, open the fuckin' door!
- Billy, open it!
- Billy, open the door!
Open the door!
Carter, listen to me, don't do this.
Goddamn it!
Get out of the fucking car.
Carter, listen to me!
This isn't the way. It's not the way,
get out of the car, come on!
It's coming, it's coming!
- Carter!
- It ain't my time.
Oh, shit.
Carter, listen to me. This isn't
the way, get out of the car, Carter!
Carter, get out of the car!
Come on!
Get out!
I can't... I can't get out!
Alex!
No!
Man, he really is next.
Get out!
All right, I saw it!
I saw the belt!
- Scared now?
- It broke!
Bullshit.
He saved your life again.
That's right!
You're next, Carter!
- I'm staying the fuck away from you!
- Shut up, Billy.
Billy, we don't need this shit right now.
I don't need it ever! What're you doin'?
Get away from him, he's next!
Hey, fuck you, Billy!
I'm not dead!
You will be.
You're dead. You're dead!
And you ain't takin' me with you!
Christ.
You should've been next.
You should've been next
after Lewton, that's the plan,
that's the design!
- You should be fuckin' dead!
- Well, then you're the fuckin' devil!
I saw the seat belt, I knew it would rip!
That's how I saved him, just like
the plane, just like the explosion!
- The police are coming.
- Fuck, I saved him!
And because I saved him, it skipped Carter
and went to the next person
in the path of the explosion: Billy!
I have to see it.
And if I see it, then I intervene,
and if I intervene, I cheat the design.
What? Intervene?
What are you, God now!?
God's not afraid to die!
Gods don't die! We do!
- You know?
- Baby, you are losing it.
Okay? The police will be here.
We have to get you back to my cabin,
where you can hide out there and
get your head together. Okay?
Okay, after Billy, I'm next.
I'm next.
Then me.
Hey-Hey-Hey, listen.
I'm not gonna let it happen, okay?
Listen to me.
- All right?
- Hey, hey!
Why don't you two just
get the fuck outta here?
Rusted.
Tetanus.
Nice one.
I overlooked it.
Tried to capitalize but I caught you.
You fuck!
I can beat you.
Yeah. You're not forever.
But I got this cabin rigged
to beat you now!
She was there a minute ago.
What are you talkin' about?
I'm not turning him in.
It's too dangerous for him
out there alone.
- I go with you.
- You can't.
Clear, you just tell us where he is.
Wait at home,
I give you my word that we'll bring him
in safely, in protective custody.
I never moved.
Christa asked me to change seats,
but I never moved.
I would've been up next to Tod.
Fuck, why didn't I remember that!?
I never moved, Clear's seat was
in front of mine.
She's next.
Alex!
Go. Come on, get in the car!
We're goin' around!
Schreck, get in the car!
Come on!
Let's go!
- There!
- Come on, let's go! Through here!
Alex!
Alex, we're trying to help you!
Get away from it!
Come on!
Alex!
Run!
We lost him.
From the direction,
there's only one place he's headed.
Oh, shit.
Clear!
No.
Oh, my God!
Don't move! Stay there!
Don't move! Don't move!
Don't touch anything!
You're grounded by the tires, okay!?
The car's gonna explode!
I can only hold on for so long,
you know what to do.
Don't!
When I do this, it'll skip you
and it'll all be over.
It's the only way
we can cheat death again.
No, don't!
Clear, I am not gonna let it beat us both.
You know what to do.
I'll always be with you.
No!
- Alex!
- Alex, get away from there!
No!
Alex.
Damn it!
You can't do this to me.
Come on, baby.
Come on!
Alex.
Shit, he's not breathing.
Hold on, Alex, come on!
Stay with me.
Au revoir. Bienvenue en France.
Bonjour. Bienvenue en France. Merci.
Bonjour. Bienvenue en France.
Well, we made it.
Paris... I can't believe it.
You know, I just can't believe
we got on a plane again.
You know what I'm sayin'?
Voila.
Merci.
Wow. It's weird being here, huh?
We finally completed a puzzle.
It's just there's something missing,
you know.
- To Terry.
- Yeah.
To Tod.
To all of our friends that can't be here.
- Cheers.
What?
If you would've told me 6 months ago...
three of us would be
sitting here having a drink...
Yeah.
I don't know. I mean... sometimes
it just feels like the two of you are
the only ones who can really understand.
You were right, Browning.
It did skip us, there was a design.
We beat it. You know, we won.
I think the only thing we won,
Carter, is a chance at a full life.
A chance that I won't ever waste.
Yeah. There's just somethin', you know?
Somethin' I can't figure out.
- About what?
- About the design.
Alex, just let it go, all right?
So... just hear me out, all right?
- Oh, my God.
- Just, listen, now.
The path of the explosion determined
the order of our deaths, right?
When I intervened and saved Carter,
it skipped him and went to the next person
in the path and went to Billy.
All right? And then it was Clear.
But I intervened and saved her,
so it went to me, but in my case...
no one intervened, right?
I was thrown from that power line
by the explosion.
So why did it skip you? right?
How do we know that this isn't
exactly what was meant to happen?
That out of everyone on flight 180,
you, me and Carter were meant to live.
Maybe that was the design all along.
- Or you could still be next.
- Shut up, Carter.
What? I didn't make up the rules.
I mean, somebody's gotta intervene
before death, can skip them.
Alex proved that 3 times,
on the plane, me, you.
For all I know, it could
circle back and get us all again.
But I am the safest fucker in the world,
because you're still... next.
Can we just stop talking about this?
Let's figure out what we're gonna do
tomorrow. I've always wanted...
I'm gonna meet you guys back
at the hotel, okay?
- Just wait, I'll go with you.
- No-No, just...
just stay here, okay?
Clear, just stay here. All right?
See? It's true.
I told you you were next, man.
Stop it, Carter.
Alex, wait.
No, Clear, stay there, Okay?
Stay away.
Alex!
I told you were next.
Then it just skipped me.
So who's next?